---
published: true
pubDate: 2024-04-28
category: "556"
guest_name: DOC SLEEP
guest_color: trippy
author: Jules
illustrator: Noémie Dijon
writer: Jules
track1_title: Joni Mitchell - Help Me
track1_color: bliss
track1_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/556/track1.mp3
track2_title: Pharoah Sanders - Greeting to Saud (Brother McCoy Tyner)
track2_color: trippy
track2_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/556/track2.mp3
track3_title: Global Communication - 8:07
track3_color: vibrant
track3_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/556/track3.mp3
track4_title: DOC SLEEP - Professor Eucalyptus
track4_color: trippy
track4_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/556/track4.mp3
track5_title: Toumba - Identity Crisis
track5_color: trippy
track5_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/556/track5.mp3
track6_title: Ciel - Bamboo
track6_color: dreamy
track6_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/556/track6.mp3
track7_title: Frankie Rose - Sleeping Night And Day
track7_color: bliss
track7_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/556/track7.mp3
episode_URL: https://mailta.pe/556/doc-sleep/
---
This morning we've got a doctor's appointment, but don't worry, it's nothing serious, no stethoscope or medication in sight, and you don't even have to get out of bed if you don't want to. Just breathe calmly, close your eyes and let yourself be carried away into the hypnotic depths of DOC SLEEP's music, a doctor who wishes you well.

DOC SLEEP is the alias of DJ and producer Melissa Maristuen.

# Guest's selection

## Joni Mitchell - Help Me

Melissa: **"** The entire ‘Court and Spark’ album is such a wonderful morning listen - but I’ll narrow it down with ’Help Me.’ Stacked lush harmonies, punchy horns, and such a fresh arrangement - even now. The song is sunshine streaming in through the window, warming your skin. A timeless piece of music. **"**

## Pharoah Sanders - Greeting to Saud (Brother McCoy Tyner)

Melissa: **"** This is a gorgeous atmospheric piece with emotive piano that resonates deeply over shimmering bells, tambura drones, shakers, vocals. It’s incredibly rich and peaceful - after so many listens over the years, it still unfurls a bit more each time. **"** 

## Global Communication - 8:07

Melissa: **"** One of the best electronic music albums of all time. 8 07 is what sunrise sounds like to me—pure emotion for 8 minutes. Learning that Chapterhouse played that guitar riff and also had their voices recorded for the choral pad toward the end makes it even more special. I hope to hear this song at dawn at a rave on a mountaintop someday. **"**

# MailTape's selection

## DOC SLEEP - Professor Eucalyptus

 Jules: **"** lorem ipsum **"**

## Toumba - Identity Crisis

 Jules: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

## Ciel - Bamboo

 Jules: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

## Frankie Rose - Sleeping Night And Day

 Jules: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

Thank you for being with us this morning, and lots of gratitude to Noémie Dijon for her illustration full of positivity. Many thanks to DOC SLEEP this inspiring trip, which we'd like to see reimbursed by social security. Remember to take care of yourself and others!
