---
published: true
pubDate: 2024-04-14
category: "554"
guest_name: Gan Gemi
guest_color: bliss
guestPic: ""
author: ImaCrea
illustrator: Camille Célestin
writer: ImaCrea
track1_title: Ichiko Aoba - Parfum d'étoiles
track1_color: bliss
track1_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/554/track1.mp3
track2_title: G. Weller - Climbing Jacob's Ladder
track2_color: bliss
track2_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/554/track2.mp3
track3_title: Nick Drake - From The Morning
track3_color: bliss
track3_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/554/track3.mp3
track4_title: Gan Gemi - Film
track4_color: bliss
track4_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/554/track4.mp3
track5_title: Nabihah Iqbal - Dreamer feat. Zak Khan (slowspin remix)
track5_color: bliss
track5_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/554/track5.mp3
track6_title: Alek Lee - You (Acoustic)
track6_color: bliss
track6_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/554/track6.mp3
track7_title: Eric Chenaux Trio - This Ain't Life
track7_color: bliss
track7_link: https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/554/track7.mp3
---
This morning, we're thrilled to share with you a truly blissful episode featuring our esteemed guest, Gan Gemi. Filled with hope and love, this carefully curated selection is designed to heal the soul and inspire moments of deep contemplation. So, sit back, relax, and let the soothing melodies transport you to a place of tranquility and serenity.

# Gan Gemi's selection

## Ichiko Aoba - Parfum d'étoiles

Gan Gemi: **"** I remember when I first heard this song, I’d never heard a piano captured like this before. You feel like you’re really inside it while it’s being played, feeling the weight of each key and pedal pressed. The space it uses is also very vivid to me - for some reason I picture it taking place inside a cabin, by a sea or a river. I think this recording is the perfect example of production complimenting a composition.

I love how Ichiko Aoba’s voice quietly interacts with the piano’s melody, following it at times but at others sailing above the glissandos. **"** 

## G. Weller - Climbing Jacob's Ladder

Gan Gemi: **"** I came across this recently when going down an instrumental guitar rabbit hole after hearing a “European Primitive Guitar (1974-1987)” compilation on NTS. Something about the acoustic guitar’s sound on this feels organic and almost tangible. Everything about this song’s innocent subtlety is captivating, with the gentle humming of the melody that sits underneath G. Weller’s harmonic explorations.

I feel blessed for this record to have reached me through spotify’s algorithm, despite the anonymity of the artist G. Weller. To me his secrecy makes the song all the more special - the humming of a mystery man. **"** 

## Nick Drake - From The Morning

Gan Gemi: **"** This song epitomises the morning for me. The beautiful playing paired with the earthy tone of Nick Drake’s voice is really a perfect match. It’s almost as though you can feel the warmth of the guitar’s wooden body and its vibration through the recording. He masterfully comes in and out with his singing to give the guitar just the right amount of space to breathe.

Lyrically, while it may not seem like much at first, he really paints vivid pictures, and it feels like I’m unfolding new layers of meaning each time I visit this song. He is a big inspiration to me, especially on songs from the new EP. **"** 

# MailTape's selection

## Gan Gemi - Film

 ImaCrea: **"** This track by Gan Gemi evokes for me blurry landscapes painted by impressionist painters. Flowers flying as the breeze spreads them in the air. Leaves slowly moving and grass undulating. Can't wait for his next releases; he's a very promising musician **"** 

## Nabihah Iqbal - Dreamer feat. Zak Khan (slowspin remix)

ImaCrea: **"** I love Nabiha Iqbal's first album. What a surprise to discover these remixes released recently. Listening to this one, I knew it'd be perfect for this episode. Blissful and delicate like gold honey from the Pyrenees mountains. **"** 

## Alek Lee - You (Acoustic)

ImaCrea: **"** Courageous tracks inviting love and peace from a Tel Avivian band, released a month after the terrible massacre of last October. Peace and unity for all beings on Earth. **"** 

## Eric Chenaux Trio - This Ain't Life

ImaCrea: **"** Let's keep the smooth vibe going with this track, extracted from the long-awaited upcoming album by Eric Chenaux's band. I'm floating. **"** 

Thank you for being with us, and many thanks to Gan Gemi for inspiring us with such blissful tracks. With my deep appreciation to Camille Célestin for her art.
