---
published: true
pubDate: 2025-06-15
category: "584"
guest_name: Qwalia
guest_color: bliss
guestPic: guestpic584.jpg
author: Sarah
illustrator: Thibault Daumain
track1_title: Bernard Woma - Fufu
track1_color: vibrant
track1_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/584/track1.mp3
track2_title: Unknown to Known - Negotiations
track2_color: trippy
track2_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/584/track2.mp3
track3_title: Georgia Duncan - Mud Slick & Feather
track3_color: bliss
track3_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/584/track3.mp3
track4_title: Qwalia - Elevator Company (Live)
track4_color: dreamy
track4_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/584/track4.mp3
track5_title: Yishak Banjaw - Segno Sra Allebign
track5_color: vibrant
track5_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/584/track5.mp3
track6_title: Qwalia - Sound & Reason
track6_color: trippy
track6_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/584/track6.mp3
track7_title: Lawne - Beta Pan
track7_color: bliss
track7_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/584/track7.mp3
episode_URL: https://mailta.pe/584/Qwalia/
---
This morning we welcome London-based Qwalia for a very special Sunday selection. The band arrives from the London jazz scene, headed by Yusuf Ahmed (Joy Crookes, Unknown to Known), and features Ben Reed on bass (Frank Ocean, David Byrne, Richard Russell’s Everything Is Recorded), Tal Janes on guitar (Jordan Rakei, Cherise, Waaju) and Joseph Costi on keys and synths (Cat Stevens, Tom Herbert, Heidi Vogel).

## Bernard Woma - Fufu

Qwalia: **"** This music is incredibly powerful to me. I have no idea what is going on but it conjures up a deep feeling of joy and some sort of cathartic release for me. I love the sense of momentum and flow despite finding it difficult to follow a conventional pulse. This music reminds me that whatever ideas I have about what something needs to be, maybe it doesn't! **"** 

## Unknown to Known - Negotiations

Qwalia: **"** This is a track by a band which similarly to Qwalia, completely improvised music. I love the more acoustic and earthy sound of this band and the interplay between all the musicians. Their album Lightship came out towards the end of last year and it is worth checking out if you are into nostalgic and cinematic music which avoids sounding too cliche! **"** 

## Georgia Duncan - Mud Slick & Feather

Qwalia: **"** Georgia Duncan is a singer song writer who's music i love. I am so excited that her album is due to be released later this year. This is the first single from the album to come and it features a lovely small choir of singers who create a beautiful lush palette and sound scape. The rest of the music on the album is supported by a more traditional rhythm section, but this track really sets the tone of Georgia's musical aesthetic and what is to come. **"** 

# Curator's selection

## Qwalia - Elevator Company (Live)

 Sarah: **"** So smooth moving for this Sunday :) This track is the latest release from Qwalia, a rare re-recording of Elevator Company (featured as a single in 2024 and then on the Abbreviations album). Recorded live to tape as always, the track is rich with pockets of swift surprises and innovative improvisations. Drawing us awake and into its dance ever so gently, the guitar cascades into these jazz percussives, the bass bubbling over and under these textures, shrouded by such silky vocals from Miryam Solomon. Love listening to the space created between bass and vocals towards the track's end, lifted with these sparking yet soft guitar riffs and percussives. **"** 

## Yishak Banjaw - Segno Sra Allebign

 Sarah: **"** Fascinated by this 1986 album from Eritrean musician Yishak Banjaw, who recorded all keys live to tape using a Casio PT. Something playful about this choice, as Banjaw described the instrument proudly as a 'keyboard for kids,' while the Casio also gives such a cosmic texture to the track, especially for how it shapes these traditional Eritrean and Ethiopian spirals of sound. **"** 

## Qwalia - Sound & Reason

Sarah: **"** Another track from Qwalia, the namesake of their 2023 album. Such urgency and momentum in this one straight away with these kicks. Really caught by how these organ-like synths are cradled by swirls of bass. Look out for the moments of horn section (Idris Rahman, Robin Hopcraft) and this lovely guitar solo section toward the track's end :) **"** 

## Lawne - Beta Pan

 Sarah: **"** Another cosmic jazz moment to close out our Sunday, we hope it keeps you dreaming :) Delightfully dreamy wanderings through hazy vocals and synth work, leading us ever so gently into the track's second breath -- time to dance :) **"** 

Thank you thank you for joining us, that's all for this morning :) A very special thank you to Thibault Daumain for this episode's wonderful artwork, absolutely gorgeous (!!). A million thanks to Qwalia for joining us this Sunday and bringing such energizing selections. Until next time :)
