---
published: true
pubDate: 2025-05-11
category: "579"
guest_name: Siska
guest_color: vibrant
guestPic: guestpic579.jpg
author: Anto"
illustrator: Thibault Daumain
writer: Anto
track1_title: Prince fatty ft Shniece – Black Rabbit
track1_color: trippy
track1_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/579/track1.mp3
track2_title: Third world – 1865 (96° degrees in the shade)
track2_color: vibrant
track2_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/579/track2.mp3
track3_title: Marina P – Divorce à l’italienne (Mungo’s HI FI)
track3_color: vibrant
track3_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/579/track3.mp3
track4_title: Siska ft Horseman – Skin to skin
track4_color: bliss
track4_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/579/track4.mp3
track5_title: Bob Andy – You lied
track5_color: vibrant
track5_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/579/track5.mp3
track6_title: Tanya Stephens – To the limit
track6_color: bliss
track6_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/579/track6.mp3
track7_title: Miss Kocoa & Receivers – Nuh Bodda Mi
track7_color: vibrant
track7_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/579/track7.mp3
description: Today’s episode is an ode to spring and to the sun which is finally
  returning. Every year it's the same phenomenon, and yet, it's always a
  pleasure to experience this rebirth, to marvel at nature which shines again,
  to get rid of our layers of clothes, and to move around to sounds that make
  heads turn and hearts warm...
episode_URL: https://mailta.pe/579/Siska/
image: https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic579.png
musiColor: musicolor579.png
---
Apologies! Life has kept us busy lately, and it’s been over a month since there was a new episode. Rest assured, we are not lacking in desire! Our small collective of passionate people, who are primarily volunteers, is sometimes overwhelmed by many other activities. But we were recently able to get together for an exceptional meeting, and we can tell you that Mailtape is far from coughing up its last tune. We are determined to keep the rhythm of the traditional Sunday episode, and to do so, we have some ideas that you might like. Stay tuned!

In any case, thank you for your messages of support, which give us a lot of strength, and thank you to the people who continue to contribute, allowing us to finance the hosting of the site and the servers that we use to offer our artisanal playlists, guaranteed without Big Tech.

Our apologies also to Siska, our guest of the day, who was supposed to see the release of this episode coincide with the release of her album that appeared at the beginning of April. With more than twenty years of experience in music, a new piece is blossoming, like a new spring. One can hear the interweaving of resolutely “Roots” themes that deal with many subjects: love, scarcity of water, memory of exile, and other spiritual vibes, largely influenced by Rasta culture and philosophy.

Today’s episode is therefore an ode to spring and to the sun, which is finally returning. Every year it’s the same phenomenon, and yet, it’s always a pleasure to experience this rebirth, to marvel at nature as it shines again, to get rid of our layers of clothes, and to move around to sounds that make heads turn and hearts warm...

# Siska's selection

## Prince fatty ft Shniece – Black Rabbit

 Siska: **"** I always told myself that if one day I made a reggae album, I would like it to be produced by Prince fatty! I love this reggae, psychedelic sound straight from the 70’s and at the same time with today’s powerful bass, it’s Prince Fatty’s “rub a dub”! He covers a classic from Jefferson Airplane, a legendary group that I listened to when I was a kid in my parents' discotheque!  **"** 

## Third world – 1865 (96° degrees in the shade)

 Siska: **"** It’s very interesting the movement that there was in the 70s and 80s in England with this Jamaican diaspora which distilled a particular reggae. It was the time when there were reggae groups like Steel Pulse as the opening act for The Clash. There I chose the group Third World which represents this blessed era and "96 degrees" is the song that I have listened to the most in my life. I especially like this vocal trio! **"** 

## Marina P – Divorce à l'italienne (Mungo’s HI FI)

 Siska: **"** Also a bit of female reggae because it is underrepresented in the media and festivals. By the way, it was when I heard "Milk and Honey", the title of Holly Cook, that I said to myself that I would love Fatty to produce songs for me if one day I return to the source: Reggae music. Here Marina P's song makes me want to move my head, to dance. It's great!  **"** 

# Curator's selection

## Siska ft Horseman – Skin to skin

 Anto: **"** And voila, here is one of the three tracks from the album that is produced by Prince Fatty, the London magician who creates resolutely modern instrumentals while being in the pure Jamaican reggae/roots tradition. Here Sista Ka wanted to talk about love in a light air, assuming the slightly naive and sensual side. She is accompanied by the famous Horseman playing on the instrumental in the characteristic style of toasting as it was popularized by Daddy U-Roy more than fifty years ago. In the end we obtain a sort of tropical and languorous slow song, which irresistibly makes us want to embrace and let ourselves be carried away by an emotional sweetness. **"** 

## Bob Andy – You lied

 Anto: **"** I love this ballad, as simple as it is precious! The story of a romantic disappointment which can make the link with the previous track. But a disappointment that ends well, almost with a smile. The author recounts how he felt betrayed, without seeming to let himself down, as if to put things into perspective, as if it wasn't so serious after all. Rather than embarking on a passionate vendetta, he atones for his anger by singing and after a paradoxically bright and melancholy trumpet solo, here is annoncing that he just gonna set sail. We imagine him leaving dancing, draped in a certain pride, without regret, as if saying: too bad, but too bad for you.   **"** 

## Tanya Stephens – To the limit

 Anto: **"** With Queen Omega, Tanya Stephens is a very emblematic female figures in Jamaican music. She is a key artist in the Dancehall movement, able to perform on the most challenging riddims like this one. She found a way to forcefully assert a singular voice and convictions that open horizons. This track from the album "Rebelution" demonstrates the full extent of her power and vocal virtuosity put at the service of a fairly simple message: enjoy your life to the maximum! **"** 

## Miss Kocoa & Receivers – Nuh Bodda Mi

 Anto: **"** Don’t bother me. Another powerful voice that seems to resonate with gravity, like a sermon from heaven. It is served on a bass line of a rather crazy depth, cadenced percussions and a few violins which float with a certain grace at the end of the chorus. Here is one of the extracts from the album "Dry Roasted (With Love)" released at the beginning of the year, which remains quite confidential although it is one of the best reggae releases of 2025. I can only advise you to take a listen to the rest, where the instrumental flights of the Receivers blend perfectly with the voice of Miss Kocoa.  **"** 

That's it for this Sunday's batch of music. We wish you to fully enjoy your weekend and continue to share a lot of good vibes around you.

Thanks to Siska for this great selection and to Thibault for his very nice illustration. See you soon for new adventures.
