---
published: true
pubDate: 2025-06-01
category: "582"
guest_name: UTO
guest_color: vibrant
author: ImaCrea
illustrator: Thibault Daumain
writer: ImaCrea
track1_title: Clarissa Connelly - Give It Back
track1_color: bliss
track1_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/582/track1.mp3
track2_title: Good Sad Happy Bad - DIY
track2_color: trippy
track2_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/582/track2.mp3
track3_title: Laura Rivers (arrangement Hakan Hellström) - That’s all right
track3_color: bliss
track3_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/582/track3.mp3
track4_title: UTO - White Flag
track4_color: vibrant
track4_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/582/track4.mp3
track5_title: Joshua Idehen - This World's A Madness
track5_color: vibrant
track5_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/XXX/track5.mp3
track6_title: Arp Frique & The Perpetual Singers - Elena
track6_color: vibrant
track6_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/582/track6.mp3
track7_title: 64controll - Bunbun Chopper
track7_color: vibrant
track7_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/XXX/track7.mp3
---
This morning... 

# UTO's selection

## Clarissa Connelly - Give it back

 UTO: **"** It starts with pizzicato acoustic instruments like when we used to play  the Sims in 2001 while dressing avatars in the shopping section. 

Since day one this amazing  Scottish pixie has added  an intemporal touch to the Warp records catalogue, mesmerizing me and I wouldn't be surprised if Joni Mitchell and Aphex Twin shared my crush.

In her unique, soulful and melodic,  song-writing style, piano, strings, violins, drums and flutes dance to Celtic rhythms. Between 2 episodes of Black Mirror it's comforting to look toward the sea, the forest, the menhirs and to imagine that "the love that has come for me is never lost, like the sea won't empty". **"** 

## DIY - Good sad happy bad

UTO: **"** lt's Sunday morning so everything is still possible, today you could just do it yourself because you know how to fix things. This song will give you the power to compile your own weekend to-do list; fixing that squeaky hinge, the wonky shelf, the broken curtain rail, the leaky pipe...

But you don't have to do anything, you can also just stay in bed because CJ Calderwood, Marc Pell, Mica Levi et Raisa Khan will repair your broken down world while you listen to them doing it, all by themselves. **"** 

## Laura Rivers (arrangement Hakan Hellström) - That’s all right

 Guest: **"** It's always reassuring to tell yourself "that’s all right", even on a Sunday morning. The song is originally an a cappella recording of a gospel singer named Laura Rivers.

This Swedish producer Hakan Hellström has written a string arrangement for it, which makes it softer, sweeter and even more beautiful, if that is possible. **"** 

# ImaCrea's selection

## UTO - White Flag

 ImaCrea: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

## Joshua Idehen - This World's A Madness

 ImaCrea: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

## Arp Frique & The Perpetual Singers - Elena

 ImaCrea: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

## 64controll - Bunbun Chopper

 ImaCrea: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

 Thank you...
