---
published: true
pubDate: 2025-06-29
category: "586"
guest_name: Crenoka
guest_color: bliss
guestPic: crenoka.jpg
author: Anto"
illustrator: Thibault Daumain
writer: Anto
track1_title: Cassandra Jenkins - Betelgeuse
track1_color: dreamy
track1_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/586/track1.mp3
track2_title: Tamino - The First Disciple
track2_color: bliss
track2_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/586/track2.mp3
track3_title: Madonna - What It Feels Like For A Girl
track3_color: vibrant
track3_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/586/track3.mp3
track4_title: Crenoka - Havin A Bad Day
track4_color: bliss
track4_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/586/track4.mp3
track5_title: Templime - Beach feat 木村ひより
track5_color: trippy
track5_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/586/track5.mp3
track6_title: " Luisa Almaguer - Wey"
track6_color: bliss
track6_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/586/track6.mp3
track7_title: Ladi6 - Guru
track7_color: dreamy
track7_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/586/track7.mp3
episode_URL: " https://mailta.pe/586/Crenoka/"
musiColor: musicolor586.png
---
This morning we're slowly emerging. It's Sunday, the night was warm. We begin the routine of quiet days. The Mail Tape selection of the day is out. Click. And here we go! You never know what you're gonna get. Like a box of chocolates.

And today, we embark with Crenoka, for a dreamlike episode, reflecting her beautifully motley world.

It's been over a year since her album Eidolon came out, and as it often comes back to our ears, we thought it was a good reason to invite her and find out what was going on in hers. Because Crenoka is an artist made up of diverse influences, sometimes close, sometimes distant. She plays music that seems to come from another universe, just as it is also curiously familiar. A cosmic and daring Pop, which bears the traces of past adventures, like discreet memories of distant journeys, discussions, contemplations...

This is it ! Today's cuvée, made up of pieces gleaned at random from beautiful peregrinations, which we share with joy, so that you can share them in turn and so that others can share them too.

# Guest's selection

Crenoka: **"** So here are the three songs I listen to on repeat,

These are not necessarily in situ inspirations (during the writing of the album)\
I admit that I don't work so much with musical inspiration to write\
but rather from moments of life, from things that I observe during the little time I have to let my mind wander, and often that is when I am driving.\
I drive\
a lot\
and I love it\
it's quite meditative\
I think I'm often in search of these precious and rare moments\
and therefore necessarily\
the radio sings **"**

## Cassandra Jenkins - Betelgeuse

Crenoka: **"** Cassandra Jenkins's entire latest album, I think I listen to it at least once a week... and especially this song, which I love.\
This album is important because it has been with me since I left Touraine last fall, where I had lived for about ten years. Uprooting yourself isn't easy, but sometimes it's important for growing up. “My Light, My Destroyer” is a beacon. A lighthouse in the night that reassures me when it's the ocean inside me. **"** 

## Tamino - The First Disciple

 Crenoka: **"** This is the last song that troubled me and that I listen to a lot\
A priori it's known, I admit that I don't know it at all, it's a bit by chance that I heard this track on the local radio where I live (Les Landes, Wave Radio)\
and honestly, I don't know why but I started to cry while driving because I was so touched by the colors I saw\
it stirred my entrails\
the lyrics, the string melodies, and above all, the voiceIt's been a long time since a song made me tremble. **"** 

## Madonna - What It Feels Like For A Girl

 Guest: **"** Well, it goes without saying that my love for Madonna is no longer a secret. But I don't like everything. Among the albums that I still listen to a lot today, there is “Music”\
and I like this track because we hear a voice speaking (I only recently discovered that it was Charlotte Gainsbourg lol)\
and then it talks about subjects that matter to me:\
This song addresses the way we are perceived according to our gender expression, and it must be said, it's still relevant today (the song is from 2000 anyway...)

Everything is just a series of codes, prejudices, expectations...\
These are not new topics, and there are thousands of books that analyze them very well.\
I find it valuable to be able to talk about it differently, through music\
Art has this power to shift the gaze, to open breaches, and I believe that we must cultivate this curiosity and never settle into certainties... **"** 

# Curator's selection

## Crenoka - Havin A Bad Day

 Anto: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

## Templime - Beach feat 木村ひより

 Anto: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

##  Luisa Almaguer - Wey

 Anto: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

## Ladi6 - Guru

 Anto: **"** lorem ipsum **"** 

 Thank you...
