---
published: true
pubDate: 2026-04-26
category: "610"
guest_name: Gut Model
guest_color: trippy
guestPic: guestpic610.png
author: Anto
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
writer: Anto
track1_title: Water from your eyes - Everyone's Crushed
track1_color: trippy
track1_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/610/track1.mp3
track2_title: "  Ween - Tried and true"
track2_color: bliss
track2_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/610/track2.mp3
track3_title: Cos - La partie d'échecs
track3_color: vibrant
track3_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/610/track3.mp3
track4_title: Gut Model – Windminlls
track4_color: trippy
track4_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/610/track4.mp3
track5_title: Pigeon - Black James Dean
track5_color: rough
track5_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/610/track5.mp3
track6_title: Automatic – Lazy
track6_color: dreamy
track6_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/610/track6.mp3
track7_title: Conny Frischauf – Kreise
track7_color: trippy
track7_link: https://sounds.mailta.pe/610/track7.mp3
description: >-
  This morning we leave to make our way through a dense jungle, armed with
  guitar riffs as sharp as the finest machete. Gut Model leads the way, bringing
  us a universe that reflects their music: impactful, curious, and audacious.

  So let's go for a walk in these unspoiled territories with familiar corners.
episode_URL: https://mailta.pe/610/Gut-Model/
image: https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic610.png
musiColor: musicolor610.png
---
This morning we leave to make our way through a dense jungle, armed with guitar riffs as sharp as the finest machete. Gut Model leads the way, bringing us a universe that reflects their music: impactful, curious, and audacious.
So let's go for a walk in these unspoiled territories with familiar corners. 

# Gut Model's selection

## Water from your eyes - Everyone's Crushed

 Gut Model: **"** For the hope of new projects that break away from the omnipresent post-punk revival. **"** 

## Ween - tried and true

 Gut Model: **"** The production team greatly inspired us to use the 4-track cassette as an instrument. **"** 

## Cos - La partie d'échecs

 Gut Model: **"** Because it's still incredible to have one of the best groups in the world coming from Belgium. **"** 

# Curator's selection

## Gut Model – Windminlls

 Anto: **"** This is the standout track from their new album, or at least the one that grabbed me the most. It's quite subdued compared to the other 11 tracks, almost mellow, almost not punk, almost groovy… I particularly appreciate how much there is to listen to, how each musician plays a part that seems to converge towards a common goal. And then there's that surge of energy in the last 30 seconds, which we sensed throughout the song, that lifts us up and sets us right where we need to be. **"** 

## Pigeon - Black James Dean

 Anto: **"** This track is one of the first from an album I've been keeping an eye on for a while, which should be released on the 1st.isMay. A claim track that combines genres with an inspiring energy. It makes you want to shake yourself and scream grandiloquent, perhaps slightly outlandish, but no less imperious and legitimate demands. Run and listen to Miami – aka yet another banger named after this city – which invites you to dance with utter abandon. **"** 

## Automatic – Lazy

 Anto: **"** I love everything about this track, especially the rich bass, the dreamy keyboard flourishes, and that voice we don’t know if it comes from the heavens or from some abyssal depth... It's the work of three women who make truly refreshing music, a blend of diverse influences, oscillating between shadow and light. I hesitated for a long time before choosing which track from their latest album (released last September) to include in this selection, but we'll probably come back to that soon… **"** 

## Conny Frischauf – Kreise

 Anto: **"** I can't resist sharing this little gem from Conny Frischauf, taken from an album I find fascinating in its experimental nature, for its audacity, and for the delightful surprises it delivers. Why does this track make me smile? I have no idea. It's a strange feeling, like when you discover a landscape that takes you out of the ordinary, leaves you speechless, and sets an indescribable mark deep within your soul. The same feeling arises with this track and its silent ending, which seems to quietly finish imprinting something impossible to consciously grasp. **"** 

 That's all for today, dear friends. Thank you to the artists and thank you to Péji for his lovely illustration, which perfectly matches the theme of the episode!\
See you soon for new adventures!
